feat: combine download binary properties for image hash (#368)
hello-nrfcloud/backend: README.md

message to nRF Cloud.

To accomplish this, you need to supply the URL to the CoAP simulator binary in
zip format via an SSM parameter for the stack. Please note that the server

> _MUST_ support `ETag` in order to detect binary changes and rebuild the Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_MUST_ serve a `HEAD` request with and `ETag` header containing the hash of the file
in order to detect binary changes and rebuild the Docker
```
